[MUSIC PLAYING]
[THEME MUSIC]
>> The first person that told
me airplanes were spraying
chemicals into the sky to
create artificial clouds,
I really thought that
person was crazy.
>> I had a friend point out the
chemtrails one day years ago,
and I didn't know what
he was talking about.
I said, isn't that
just what planes do?
>> I laughed the first
time I heard that.
I said, there's
absolutely no way.
>> Does a secret government
program exist that requires
airplanes to spray
chemicals in our skies?
Is there evidence to
support this claim?
And if so, why is it happening?
Is it to combat climate
change, or could it
be something more sinister?
>> So I became interested in
what was going on, started
researching the issue,
which many people refer
to as chemtrails, came to the
realization that something
probably was
happening in the sky.
>> Geoengineering
destroys rain clouds.
It destroys blue sky.
It creates just a
murky, white, flat sky.
>> The longer I've been aware
of them and watching them,
the program is elegant.
It is exquisite.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> "Chemtrails" stands
for "chemical trails"
that many believe are being
poured into our atmosphere
by planes.
This, however,
has been dismissed
by mainstream news, science,
and government agencies, who
offer that these are
naturally occurring
streaks of condensed water
vapor known as contrails.
Award-winning
weatherman Scott Stevens
began to notice strange weather
patterns during the late '90s.
>> What I learned is I'm
not forecasting the natural
processes of this
planet anymore.
I have to anticipate-- not
forecast, but anticipate--
an agenda.
I truly thought, as I
began to talk and to share
why observations,
that there would
have been a fairly
healthy movement
to investigate these things.
I knew that I would lose my job.
I just didn't know how
quickly it would happen.
>> We used to see
occasional contrails,
little short trails that will
dissipate of jet exhaust.
But now we see these
lingering chemtrails.
And you'll see grid spraying,
and planes go back and forth,
back and forth.
And you'll see trails
go horizon to horizon.
This isn't water vapor.
This is material being
put in the atmosphere.
And I can compare
this with a skywriter.
When you see someone
doing skywriting,
that's not water vapor.
It's material that sticks.
>> For those who do not believe,
if you look at time lapse--
and there's plenty
on the internet--
you can see what aerosols
look like in our atmosphere.
>> These chemtrails are
absolutely required to impact
whatever weather event
they were designing.
And the trails were an absolute
necessary ingredient for them
to achieve their weather
modification goals.
>> If chemtrails play a role
in modifying the weather,
what could the
possible reason be?
During the Vietnam
War, Operation Popeye
was a top-secret campaign
that successfully
weaponized the weather, causing
extreme flooding in supply
lines.
In 1996, a detailed
research paper
was delivered to the Air
Force outlining steps
to own the weather by 2025
for military purposes.
A 2008 workshop at the
Council on Foreign Relations
discussed reversing global
warming by geoengineering.
They also pointed out
the significant risks
it could impose worldwide.
During the 2008
Olympics, China boasted
that they would have perfect
weather for their opening
ceremony by weather
manipulation.
>> So if the Chinese can do this
and if there's technology to do
it, why would we believe
that weather events here are
natural?
>> It's no longer experimental.
Weather modification is
a full-blown operation.
>> The military industrial
complex knew that they needed
to have the weather on their
side for their next war,
and that was the goal.
>> To control the weather is
to control the population.
And weather as a
weapon has always
been sought after by militaries
going back many, many decades
even prior to World War II.
So there's no debate.
There's no dispute.
This is not a theory.
It's not conjecture.
These programs that are
going on, plain and simple.
And anybody who truly
does any investigation
will get to the bottom
of this, and it's
the biggest elephant in
plain sight in human history.
>> What they're doing is selling
these programs to the public
as a way to mitigate
global warming,
and the theory is putting these
chemicals into our sky will
actually reflect sun back into
space and thus cool the planet.
The problem with this is at
night, the aerosols actually
act as a blanket
and they trap heat.
In the past 10 to
15 years, we've
seen a great increase
in nighttime highs.
So the question
really remains, what
is the objective
of these programs,
and why would they
implement something that's
so damaging to the planet?
>> There have been over
160 US patents filed,
starting in 1891, that pertain
to weather modification.
In June 2016, then CIA
director John Brennan
spoke at the Council
on Foreign Relations.
>> Another example is the
array of technologies,
often referred to collectively
as geoengineering,
that potentially could help
reverse the warming effects
of global climate change.
One that has gained
my personal attention
is Stratospheric Aerosol
Injection, or SAI,
a method of seeding the
stratosphere with particles
that can help reflect the
sun's heat in much the same way
that volcanic eruptions do.
On the geopolitical side,
the technology's potential
to alter weather
patterns and benefit
certain regions of the world
at the expense of other regions
could trigger sharp
opposition by some nations.
And as with other
breakthrough technologies,
global norms and
standards are lacking
to guide the deployment
and implementation of SAI
and other geoengineering
initiatives.
>> Is it possible that this
or similar proposals have been
in operation for years?
And if so, what are they
spraying, and could it
have an impact on our health?
>> Again, what we see in the sky
matches what geoengineers deny
they're doing, but state
that they want to do.
And what we're finding
around the world
matches not only what
geoengineers are proposing,
but a number of
geoengineering patents
designed to specifically
spray these toxins
into the planet, which
are aluminum, barium,
and strontium.
>> Things that are connected
with heavy metals are
skyrocketing.
Record amounts of
asthma, autism,
and Alzheimer's is being
found in younger and younger
patients, even in their 50s.
So something is going
very, very wrong.
>> Without question, it is
in the air that we breathe.
So we're inhaling this.
>> Is this a failed project in
an attempt to save the planet
from global warming, or
an operation to manipulate
the weather for profit
or war or something else,
and what can we do about it?
>> Everybody can play a profound
part to help this issue come
to light.
We have flyers on the front
of geoengineeringwatch.org
that people can
download and print.
>> And when the people who
are aware of this collectively
stand up and say, no, these
programs will come to a halt.
>> We have to first
clean the air,
but we have to clean ourselves.
We need to heal
ourselves from this.
So there are
different vitamins I
take that will block
heavy metals in the body,
and there are
supplements, herbs that I
use to chelate heavy
metals out of the body.
So I'm not as debilitated
anymore by this.
>> We will be able to restore
our fragile planet that's been
molested in so many ways.
>> Weather modification
technologies are real.
There is compelling
data that suggests
chemtrails may be evidence of
a clandestine climate control
program, although if
this program does exist,
it is still unclear why
it is kept so secret.
Since 1996, chemtrail
activists have
been dismissed by mainstream
news, science, and government
agencies, but this
movement seems
to be gaining momentum in
the general public in light
of the climate debate.
Exploration into
this topic is unique,
as it is available to everyone.
All one needs to do is look up.
[THEME MUSIC]